README.md, before:

# Ng10

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.1.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updates, improvements, switch to Jest & Cypress

README.md, after:

# Angular Architects - Essentials Workshop

This project was re-generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.4, by [Alex T.](https://alex.thalhammer.name) and is based upon work by Manfred Steyer.

## Slides

You'll find the workshop slides in the `slides` directory. 

## Exercises

You'll find the workshop labs in the `labs` directory.

## Free ebook

You'll find a free ebook by my collegue Manfred Steyer in the `book` directory.

## Development

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [JEST](https://jestjs.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help`, contact your trainer [Alex T.](https://alex.thalhammer.name) or go check our website [Angular Architects](https://www.angulararchitects.io).
